fix broken link, incorporate user feedback to put download link on top. (#79)
Rappsilber-Laboratory/XiSearch: README.md

The interface provides several tabs. The first two tabs are the main ones for configuring the search. The first one (Files) defines the input and output, i.e. the peaklist and fasta files to be search and where to write the result. The second one (Parameters) configures the actual search. The third one (Feedback) provides the log of the current search and provides a means to contact the developers. The fourth tab contains the change log/version history. 

> Depending on the size of the sequence database and the number of search threads the start script ("startXiWindows", "startXiUnix" or "startMacOS") might need to be adapted to permit xi to use a larger amount of memory (-Xmx option). This should not exceed the amount of free memory available without running xi. E.g. if a computer has 8GB of RAM but per default 5 are used by other programs then Xi should get at most 3GB as otherwise part of the program will be swapped out to disk and in effect run extremely slow. For searches involving dozens of spectra and hundreds of proteins, we recommend running xiSEARCH on an HPC node with large Xmx values or on a server. This is because the RAM requirements increase with the square of the size of the database. As an example, we ran searches for [this publication](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00541) with -Xmx 256G, specifying 256Gb of RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the size of the sequence database and the number of search threads the start script ("startXiWindows", "startXiUnix" or "startMacOS") might need to be adapted to permit xi to use a larger amount of memory (-Xmx option). This should not exceed the amount of free memory available without running xi. E.g. if a computer has 8GB of RAM but per default 5 are used by other programs then Xi should get at most 3GB as otherwise part of the program will be swapped out to disk and in effect run extremely slow. xiSEARCH has two memory requirements - one is a fixed one, directly dependent on the number of peptides (as resulting from proteins + modifications + digestion) and for running with several thousand proteins and a several variable modifications this can reach several GB in size. Additionally each search thread needs some memory. For large scale searches that can also reach one or 2 GB per thread. For these kind of searches we recommend running xiSEARCH on an HPC node with large Xmx values or on a server. As an example, we ran searches for [this publication](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/acs.jproteome.9b00541) with -Xmx 256G, specifying 256Gb of RAM.
```

Editing this file changes the options in the dropdown menu of the interface.

> There is also a file "BasicConfig.conf" containing default values for settings not exposed in the interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also the "BasicConfig.conf" file containing default values for settings not exposed in the interface.
```
